---
layout: post
title:  "Machine Learning Project"
date:   2020-12-10 06:00:00 +0000
---
### Context
My workplace offers several technology based courses with significant financial awards for completion. One of these was to do with Machine/Deep Learning which is what this post is about.

### Background
To receive the award, I had to complete two udemy courses on ML/DL: "Machine Learning A-Z" and "Deep Learning A-Z". I also had to complete a project that involved creating and training a neural network on a provided dataset and use it to make predictions on unseen data.

### Results
The courses were much more interesting than I thought they would be. I've never really been interested in AI but somewhat surprisingly, I enjoyed it. The dataset we were given was pretty bad (a lot of missing data, incorrectly formatted and categorical). In fact, I'd say 90% of the work of this project was data pre-processing. Creating and training the neural net was surprisingly easy.

There were only 277 entries in the dataset and so the accuracy was never going to be too high. I ended up with around 75% accuracy and I wasn't able to improve it. The code for this project can be found on my github: [cancer project](https://github.com/vel0rum/Machine-Learning).

### Next
I still don't really understand the best way to pick the number of layers and the number of nodes on each layer for a neural network (other than just trying them all and seeing which one performs best on the test set). I would like to understand any theory to do with this.

Another course being offered by my workplace is to do with Natural Language Processing (NLP) which I have virtually no experience with. I'll do that before the end of the year.
